Hello
good morning to all welcome back to mine
kitchen today I plan to prepare a
flat a little bit particular
the lobster always alive and let's have only one
with lobster to make us mezzemaniche
then we go half lobster sleeves
to list the various things that are needed
I always say that pepper and salt a
your pleasure you can add
of chilli
so we move from pepper to salt
we have garlic and parsley
onion and then we add a little something
particular a teaspoon of curry
this is very intriguing is not
a little bit of cognac is required
marjoram white wine and cherry tomatoes
always little boats that are always a lot
nice to cook I like a lot
this way of doing then it is clear that if
there is no marjoram there will not be
problems
the quantities of wine and con iarc e
always subordinated as the rose is
so other little details that man
hand as we go forward
I'll show you then I'll show you how
gets ready as you select and waves
of sea to make us the sauce
so in this case we have to
break it up here we are the systems for
cut it are many so you have to
do so I go in just where you have been
bust saying that simplifies
and then I can cut it or in this world
but slightly time this is one
dog that was very peaceful
tail I remove because it serves no purpose whatsoever
it gives no taste and the head is gray
we pray to methane ok I do like
the hand above but then maybe you
put an excerpt something else
it has always been very good for me
and so we prepared the fund well
cut etc.
okay and we transfer it to this one
ability to be able to then go and cook it
let's put your oil right away, not much
I don't admit
then we immediately add the
school art the onion you can put in
sit down
very interesting to eat at the engine
precisely so I always recommend myself
garlic symbol and also believed to
this was taken care of with these that these
you would have ingredients now
made the onion and from these they say
cutting errors but not the whole proposal
you hear nothing
just hack onion brand just a little
of color of the group he feels a little bit
of ryanair who wanted to use in the
fish is parsley garlic la
onion and even other heroes once
Now I can move 30 seconds
forty because it bends it very much
time before you can cook roll it
at this point let's put it
to cook immediately
it is called very strong because it must
take a particular perfume on
shell the plastics and take this
nutty taste and this beautiful color
in the meantime, however , I can add it
a little precise
also the price we put it also
later because it was not always true
a teaspoon of curry so we put ourselves
one if you want we can put them
minus wine we have one of
perfect original we are here
proposes it
as you see to the cronies of a beautiful color
a good figure at this point there
we put with the caterpillar just coined
slowly fire that he is not one
flame put the brother-in-law we can
work a little and add the wine
White
after which 20
I will conjure up a little it will take at least one
about minute
I meanwhile put on
of salt
I'd put politicians before
so see this samples did not go
well then the scent is growing then
we will make freezing for half
sleeve and the nets we have a good one
result but I recommend the sequences e
browning is essential for the party
Roman for all late and therefore food
the pasta is ready, we founded it
we transfer it before and it is already cooked
in the pan in this case the
chewing and a lot of software is not one
something that must do pisa bike to affirm
say first
we check that the room what of
precisely I call it the flame this
this summer
well I think it's perfect here we are
here we are ready to replace
let's put all the pasta in it and then there
we put our lobsters very much
beautiful very beautiful but also very much
good
we give him a decorated na we put ourselves
which I still like a little bit of
decoration a little parsley not
never fails
is the dish is ready